These steps should only be undertaken if connectivity is not working. Skip to [1f. Open Key Programs](FTC/FTC-AV/Track%201/1f.%20Open%20Key%20Programs.md) if the Internet is accessible.
These steps should additionally only be performed under the supervision of the Equipment Manager. If they are unavailable, the FTA may also be consulted.

 1. Login to the Streaming Unit rack router using password available to Equipment Managers or FTAs only.
   %%TODO: Get screenshot of root router page.%%
   2. If the Streaming Unit is expected to use DHCP, release and renew Streaming Unit rack router's WAN IP address. Check to ensure that the router is set to use DHCP:
	   1. lick the settings cog in the lower-left hand corner of the screen.
	   2. In the "Internet" section, find the listing for "WAN1" and click on it.
	   3. In the menu that appears, click the toggle to "Advanced" if necessary. Skip this step if the toggle is already on "advanced". 
	   4. In the "IP Settings" section, verify that the button is selected on "DHCP" or click it if necessary.
	   5. Click "Save" at the bottom of the screen when finished.
   %%TODO: Get screenshot of router 'status' page showing the release and renew buttons.%%
   3. If the Streaming Unit is expected to use a static IP address, set the address as follows: 
	   1. Click the settings cog in the lower-left hand corner of the screen.
	   2. In the "Internet" section, find the listing for "WAN1" and click on it.
	   3. In the menu that appears, click the toggle to "Advanced" if necessary. Skip this step if the toggle is already on "advanced". 
	   4. In the "IP Settings" section, click the Manual button.
	   5. Input the settings for the IP parameters as provided.
	   6. Click "Save" at the bottom of the screen when finished.
   %%TODO: Lay out steps for how to set WAN address information Screenshots needed of each step.
   Settings cog > WAN1 > Advanced - Manual > set IP parameters%%
   4. Further connectivity problems are often caused by network blocking at the school level. This may manifest as websites reporting "connection reset" or "a connection was closed unexpectedly", various errors with secure connections, or other sporadically unavailable websites. If basic connectivity to Google is present, but some program-specific sites are not available, this is likely the culprit. Syncthing and GA Tool have previously been observed as commonly blocked services. 
